[Music]
come on meeting baby how are you
I know Jimmy good walk
yeah
[Music]
good morning everyone and welcome to a
day in my life living in Hawaii I just
wanted to show you that it's kind of my
typical summer day in my life while I'm
living here and this video is in
partnership with Lululemon which is
super exciting because I love Lululemon
use them so much so this is honestly
kind of like a dream brand collaboration
for me so thank you Lulu for sponsoring
this video and I wanted to show you guys
because I got to pick out a couple
pieces so this tee shirt that I'm
wearing and this sports bra are from
them which I think are really cool I
love this color and I really like the
white of this because it's like super
lightweight material but it's like
really absorbing so no it's super hot
here in Hawaii and I sweat a lot when I
hike in this helps with that and then I
also got some aligned leggings which are
my favorite like I wear my black lines
pretty much every single day and I got
them in this really pretty like
blueberry color and I cannot wait to try
these out I'm already obsessed I know
I'm gonna be writing them constantly and
then I got this sports bra too with this
really cool back which just helps with
like support and it's really fun and I
got that in white and this is like a
pretty good like medium support bra so
it like doesn't feel too restrictive but
it's you know not like a bralette
basically and then I also got this is
like the boyfriend tee and it is
actually dirty right now because they
took it hiking because I have been
wearing this constantly it's basically
just like this perfectly oversized
t-shirt and it's great for just like
traveling working out I take it I like
knot it in the front go to yoga bar and
it just around the house like put it
over a bikini to go to the beach and
then last I got these really cool pants
which I called the noir pants and
they're just like really sophisticated I
got them in black they're perfect for
traveling and just kind of like lounging
around going to war dinners like kind of
fancier events so I really like them
they're super
sleek and chic and basically I'm excited
to show you guys the typical date in my
life especially wearing all of these
Lulu products and I'll show you kind of
like what I do with them because
basically in Hawaii all everyone wears
is TVs and workout clothes so that's
what you're gonna see for me and in the
morning I love to go workout first thing
so I'll usually go to like bar or yoga
with my mom but today I'm gonna go
hiking with my parents so let's go do
that
[Music]
[Applause]
almost there try to go down to those
tight fools yes we made it go back up it
No
Wow
I gotta get over there
[Music]
does it feel good I think it dissipates
by the time it gets there
[Music]
oh my gosh that was incredible
favorite house how's the juice
[Music]
good he loved melons
yes
demolished so good
gee mrs. honey look at you you're such a
good boy you're such a yes
[Music]
I won just YouTube is bearing witness
that older Snider one had a really nice
day just spending time with family like
playing basketball with my brother and
my sister and you know like hiking with
my mom and dad well my sibling prints
beautifully
like I'm just like soaking up time with
my family because I didn't get to see
them that much because I came back from
school and then had a little bit of time
at home in California and then I left
for Seoul South Korea and I was there
for seven weeks and then I just directly
came here so I've been spending time
with my family as much as possible
because I really love them yeah this is
not a typical day in my life
when I'm at home in California or when I
have school or like other
responsibilities but this is just a true
summer day in my life it's just a super
healing place and I'm just so so
grateful that we've been able to move
here I know I'm gonna miss this a lot
when I'm back at school length days like
this with my family so I just wanted to
talk you mitt my gosh so pretty out
look at the kite boarders I learned to
do that when I was in Korea my dad does
that I'm so excited to try it again
[Music]
you